---
title: "About"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - chat
  - Post Formats
---

> The Lhasa Apso (/ˈlɑːsə ˈæpsoʊ/ lah-sə ap-soh) is a non-sporting dog breed originating in Tibet. It was bred as an interior sentinel in the Buddhist monasteries, to alert the monks to any intruders who entered. Lhasa is the capital city of Tibet, and apso is a word in the Tibetan language meaning "bearded", so, Lhasa Apso simply means "long-haired Lhasa dog". There are, however, some who claim that the word "apso" is a form of the Tibetan word "rapso", meaning "goat-like", which would make the equivalent translation "wooly Lhasa dog".

> <cite>From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia</cite>


title: "John bundee"
excerpt: "The Lhasa Apso is a non-sporting dog breed originating in Tibet."
---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
---

Philosophy Exchange was created out of an intention to fill a gap in modern academia.

Historically, the university was constructed to instruct scholars on the process of independent research. This took place in the form of regular tutorial lessons and meetings with supervisors. Today, this same engagement continues to take place. However, with the outburst of master's and doctoral programs in recent history (i.e. over the past 100 years), it is no longer only the privately tutored and wealthy who have access to study materials. Further, technologies have advanced to a point where geographical location, or the university one studies at, should not detract from one's advancement. Rather, one's personal thoughtfulness and work ethic ought to be the determining factor.

As such, Philosophy Exchange represents an innovative forum for individuals to share arguments and ideas without the traditional physical boundaries that might otherwise impede academic progress. Through this forum, the following activities presently take place, or will take place in the future:

1. A repository to share pre-journal articles and ideas
2. A forum to exchange ideas and abstracts
3. A team of academics prepared to provide feedback on ideas
